Because you can change it
Anxious comments 8
If there is software of interest, I made it appear on wii u gamepad
You can check by touching the icon of the brother or software directly from the straw square
By the way, the introduction has become long, but today
The main body of Wii u is about to be released about one month later
About the function
To everyone
Directly
I will tell you
new Super Mario Bros. was in charge of u's wood rector
It is Takemoto of Nintendo Information Development Headquarters .
It is the present book of the planner
It is a planner's deposit
Today we would like to introduce the new Mario u with three of our development staff
I will
Thank you in advance
rar
It has been
Hmm
Well then
wii u premium set
I will begin the ceremony of opening
Thanking you in advance
It is a box of wii u premium set
rar
Let's open it
Putsu
It is a little hard
I agree
Chopper took
Gloves
It looks like Mario a little with white gloves
Good relationship
First of all, the main body
It has been carefully packing
Masu have Tei
Yes came out
It is the wii body
Hmm
Next is my parents 6 pad
I am
It is with the field
Let's take a look at the upper row loan
There is a first big death doers
I am doing to me the first time Nde not well understood setup
Yes here
It can be used by connecting to the main unit
There is a small holding adapter
Here is you connect your camcorder to a wii u gamepad
is not it
Instructions then number
It is also wiiu beta test registration certificate something of Dragon Quest
An example is
wii u It is a vertical stunt used to put the main body vertically
Something like a mail-order program
Shi j
I will tell you from making have such a person everyone had gotten quite strongly recommend words
Nor reversed the trial that Professor Layton when this time the senior two works that is collaboration
After all this check that you want each of them to be real
Well reverse trial 5 so I 'll write it by all means to me
I received a talk that I want to do it .
Something had become this one day I I I I wonder grateful is
It was delicious
me
Ah ah ah ah
I'm just sticking it up
What because I am saying this long time ago